en,zh: Add doc for IPv6 (#2259)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/configure-a-tidb-cluster.md

See [Kubernetes Service Documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/) to know more about the features of Service and what LoadBalancer in the cloud platform supports.

### IPv6 Support

> 

Reviewer: Do you want to mention that "The TiDB version must be >= v6.5.1"?

> Starting from TiDB v6.5.1, TiDB clusters that listen on IPv6 addresses can be deployed by TiDB Operator whose version is larger or equal than v1.4.3 with configuring `spec.preferIPv6` to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting v6.5.1, TiDB supports using IPv6 addresses for all network connections. If you deploy TiDB using TiDB Operator v1.4.3 or later versions, you can enable the TiDB cluster to listen on IPv6 addresses by configuring `spec.preferIPv6` to `true`.
```
